head1 son back once again and I've got
something different again virus it's a
qualquer sac and natural protective
sleeve and tongue merde in soxhlet City
Utah and this style is that one and I've
trying to say i think is hannah kappa r
dot dot dot bomber and it's for the
amazon kindle three so we're gonna have
a quick look at get into it and see what
it's like I'm looking in the kindling
itself so I like this car like this term
and the bag it comes in it's pretty chic
does look pretty damn corner so on the
back of it hot me a decent angle on
for the camera probably not so basically
it's cotton and have a look for you this
is called coquet as I made with durable
natural fibers grown naturally without
bro without pesticides these flowers
will naturally biodegrade biodegrade
when done protecting your property so
it's basically you know you can it's
going to just just roll were in the
lockers so we guarantee everything so
obviously it's nice guarantee on there
and one percent for the planet so little
upset if you have the animal cells these
days we will go to us serving the planet
that's pretty cool so anyway look inside
up answer it's all the whole brown /
plug thing i like is down cool Thank You
Kalki get a let's cross vomit got to go
check them out but all the links down
below if you are good luck so it's call
bad off to one side and being in the
nice slip ouch so I sees the colca suck
must sell very very nice in terms the
materials used pulled very nice and
inside it there's a glare it's a very
very nice and a firm don't material is
it's very nice though
so yeah he's off though nice on the
hands and no it feels absolutely great
definitely perfect and on there you can
obviously put a lot of things in the
front of the pouch if you want to but
that's pretty cool as well so just bring
the kindling here's downloads on kindle
three so i will do is bring it up slider
in closer up job done there we go we're
safe it feels pretty nice in the hand
and you know it's going to protect it
you know it's very nice i think the main
thing of this one is just for how you
know how cool it looks but you know it's
also the gas to a natural so if you are
no more conscious than most people then
obviously it look better can something
you bring some light in here that you
have bit of a better look on the kiss
hopefully see the core very good
stitching all around there obviously
colca suck I'm us sir very very nice
indeed so I only got pick one of these
up go up down up to go to Colchis a calm
all links are down below I must say I'm
very impressive that I will probably do
an update video in probably a maybe a
month's time with their reviews to how
it's going in office if anything's done
we've done it why enough is can he
threaten aware you know better the de
nom put any questions about what leave
them down below you not to do hit me up
on Twitter at some jet pollen if you
haven't already subscribe judo stub out
here and also you can like the video
which is just down here hopefully you
can see this now but anyway thanks for
watching and I shall see you in my next
video yes
you